Israel  O.   Johnson
Redford Close, Feltham, UK
     +44(0)7423004046 , +44(0)2036052306.
johnson.obaro@hotmail.com


Web Developer 

I am a bright, talented and ambitious PHP / MYSQL(LAMP) and Java Standalone Application developer with a strong technical back-end background who possesses self-discipline and the ability to work with the minimum of supervision. Able to play a key role throughout the software development / support life cycle of a project to ensure that quality solutions meet business objectives. Possessing a team spirit but also enjoy working alone, deadline orientated and the ability to organize and present complex solutions clearly to the best of my knowledge. Graduated with first class degree in computer science.
I am currently looking for a suitable developer position with an exciting and innovative company.


Technical Skills 
 PHP/MYSQL  Database Web Programming(LAMP). 
 Knowledge on Web Services,  RestFul API development. 
JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS &CSS3 
JQuery & JQuery UI
Angular JS
Laravel  PHP Framework , Blade Templating

Others Skills
Java/Android Programming , Swing GUI 
Knowledge on Designed Patterns Including SOLID Principle
SQL database / UML
Fluent In C# , Python,  C/C++ and .Net VB
Graphical programming with WebGL.
Window / Linux programming 

Working Experience
Iris  Software  London 
Role: C# / C++ Software Engineer intern.	
Developing and maintaining of existing system in the account department. 
Period: August to September 2014 (2months).

High Stage Computer World 
Role: Computer Instructor
            Conducting and instructing basic computer application and hardware knowledge to students age from 13 and above. 
Period: 2010 august to 2012.






Personal Projects [ Projects:  www.github.com/jimobama ]
 School Projects: https://soc.uwl.ac.uk/~21187498

Desktop Projects
Cinema Ticket Management
	A prototype system development during my studies as course work for managing tickets for cinema. Developed in Visual Basic 2012.
Front-end Compiler
 A finally year project build to demonstrate how computer language are constructed.
Shopping System
A Web page shopping carter developed with LAMP; as a requirement for my course work project.
Fleet Application
A Java base programming language developed to help manager cars and car hiring for fleet company. It uses File system for its back end.

 Education History 

West London University, UK
Computer Science(1st  class degree)  from 2012-2015
Subject Includes:
1) Grid Computing
2) Distributing System
3) Functional Programming
4) Object Oriented Programming
5) Web Technology
6) System designed and Modelling
7) Knowledge Base System
8) Middle-ware programming
9) Databases
Auchi Polytechnic, Nigeria
Computer Science(upper credit  3.36) from 2008 – 2010
Subjects Includes: 
1) Basic Electronics
2) System Design &Development
3) Databases
4) Research Methods
5) Principles of Accounting
6) Descriptive Mathematics and Statistical Theory
7) Linear Programming

References
Provide on requested.
